The Joe Rogan experience.
Do you, um, do you anticipate writing with new characters?
Are you gonna keep Jack Reese? Like how, how are you gonna do this?
Yeah. So James Reese, James Reese. Yep. For this season, why is.
Jack? Jack is John.
Sometimes, sometimes John of Kennedy Jack know that sort of thing. Yeah,
no, it's easy to do. And then you have Jack Reacher character.
You have Jack Ryan, you know, he's really John Ryan from the Clancy stuff. So,
so, uh, yeah, James Reese is the main character,
former Navy seal sniper background, similar to mine.
But right now it's so hard to, uh,
get an audience to connect with your character. Uh,
and I didn't even think about that as I started, but since that's happened,
since he is resonating with people in the story are resonating with people, um,
that I think I'm gonna continue on with the same character, the same storyline,
um, building on it, building along his journey,
cuz we're all on this journey and people can relate to that as well to
transitions and move different struggles and all that.
So I'm gonna continue with this character for as long as people wanna continue
to read about him.
So did you feel like you just hit gold? So you're, you're in a nice
vein of gold in this mountain you might as well just keep running.
I think so. I mean, you could, uh, I heard a story my, from my, um,
from my editor and she has another, another author that, uh,
that had kinda the same thing.
Like people res his character was resonating and he said,
I don't think I'm gonna do something different. And she's like, what? No,
you're not. <laugh> <laugh> no, you're how rare this is. So.
Like, uh,
JK rowings she had this amazing success with Harry Potter and then she wrote
another book and you know, I mean,
I'm sure it's probably pretty successful just because she's JK rowings and
everybody loves her, but I.
Haven't heard about it. Yeah. Sometimes it's hard to.
Move over. What's the new book about <laugh>.
Magic? No.
Maybe not. I don't know. I feel like I knew some,
I couldn't tell you what it is. I have no idea.
I'm sure it sold a million copies cuz everything she does. Yeah. Yeah. She.
Could, you know, she, but y'all know Harry Potter,
like that is part of the culture now, you know, it is, it is,
that is a part of the culture, but uh, but yeah, I'm continue on,
continue on with this for a while, but I'll do other projects as well.
Like I learned a ton working on these scripts and I didn't know anything about
screenwriting going into it and the screen editor,
David alio awesome guy out there in LA.
He really just kind of mentored me along and we worked on these things together
and I got to advise on each of them. So I got to see how that process went,
got to see what it looks like when you bring a writer's room in that I knew you,
you have experience with now you have 15 people in that are all giving their
different ideas, uh, to how to adapt your work.
So it's really interesting while that was happening, not physically.
So they send me the yeah, so COVID hit pretty, pretty soon into it.
So they were all virtual too. So they're all doing that, that virtual,
the room was virtual.
So you did a virtual meeting though. You were at least digitally in presence.
So was it weird having people talk about your creation and sort of move it
around and did they keep all the main characters like Katie and morph
bit his wife and his daughter and all that stuff is.
Yeah. So Chris wanted to keep it. So Chris optioned it right out of the gate,
Chris Pratt. And so January of 2018,
before it even hits shell as Chris PRT options, it cuz a dear friend,
Jared Shaw gives him a copy and says, this is your next project,
which is just by the way.
Who's better than Chris.
PRD. I can't think of anybody. He's my favorite, Chris.
He's great. He's he's just such a great guy. He is. And he's so nice for him.
Like it's, he's perfect for that role.
So perfect. He's a, you know, he's done, you know, he had a small role in zero,
dark 30 where he plays the Navy seal mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
and very small part, but uh, you know, his other stuff hasn't been as violent.
Hasn't been as visceral, hasn't been as primal.
And so people are gonna be surprised.
How graphic is this going to be pretty graphic? Well, I,
the books are so graphic.
Yeah, we are here. We are right there. Yep. I think that was, uh, Antoine.
Wasn't supposed to post that. So, so I'm so glad that he did though.
Antoine, you up it's on Chris's.
Page actually. Yeah. Of Chris did it too. Chris reposted it, which is great. Uh,
so Anson and Anson Fuqua right there, man. He is such an amazing guy. Um,
so did training day did tears of the sun magnificent seven shooter equalizer.
Um, and it's one of those guys like when you meet him and you're in this,
in his presence, like some of these different, you know, you have this,
like you meet a lot of people that come through here and uh,
maybe a couple of'em have had that sort of presence. Incredible,
such a nice guy. So having Chris and Antoine at the top of this thing,
so many people came up to me on set and just told me, Hey,
this feels different than other movies we've worked on. Like everybody from,
you know, craft services to whatever else, technical advisors, you know,
all coming in saying this is different.
And plus we had like 12 seals on set guys that I knew in the teams that are
there playing seals or acting in the,
in it or doing stunt coordination or technical advising or whatever it is. Um,
so we were all on. So it was like a reunion. That's awesome. So we had a blast.
Yeah. So all those guys there, we had, it was a,
it was a huge reunion for a week on set and we had a, we had a blast, but yeah,
it could not be. And you trust a lot of this is trust.
So when you hand something over to somebody to take your work and change it into
something and adapt it to film, uh, or can be anything. But, uh,
there's a lot of trust involved cuz you're especially me when, uh,
if you're not JK Rowling or you're not, uh, you know,
Stephen King and you're not maintaining creative control, uh,
you hand that to somebody else and you cross your fingers and there's no better.
There's no two better people to be in charge of this than Chris Pratt and an won
Fuqua. They're incredible people catch.
New episodes that Joe Rogan experience for only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.